c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.Authentication.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.Utils.dll
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.Authentication.pdb
c:\users\gratner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStackWebAPIAuth.Utils.pdb
